## Dana Rice ## (206) 218-3615  <drice@danarice.net>  
### Career History ######## Desktop Support Technician, Denali Advanced Integration  December 2014 to Present	  				-	Desktop PC upgrade, configuration and deployment  -	Post-upgrade end-user support  -	Documentation and escalation of issues  -	Ad-hoc training of users in new versions of a variety of software  -	Documentation of procedures  -	Creating instructions for technicians and end-users ##### IT Systems Analyst, Seattle Public UtilitiesAugust 2013 to July 2014  -	1st Tier technical support for employee computing environment-	Triage and resolution of issues on customer’s computers.-	Ad-hoc training of customers in new operating systems and various productivity software-	Documentation of all issues and their resolutions-	Escalation of issues to the next tier of support, when appropriate-	Documentation of procedures for future reference of tech support staff-	Data verification of asset locations and contact info
-	Testing of new web-based forms for service request intake-	Writing technical instructions for end users and tech support staff of agency-specific procedures##### Freelance Software Tester, uTest.comSpring-Summer 2013 -	Ad-hoc in-the-wild testing, following earning a Certificate in Software Testing and Quality Assurance from University of Washington PCE  -	Testing Web site and applications on Apple and Windows computers and devices (Macbook, Windows 7&8, iPhone 4&5) -	Documentation of issues and bugs, including crash logs, screenshots, steps to reproduce, and identifying lines of code where appropriate. -	Black box and grey box testing, scripted and unscripted -	Ongoing training on the uTest site to enhance and add skills.  -	Ramped down participation after taking on a new full-time day job in tech support -	Highest tester rating achieved - Silver ##### Water Meter Reader, Seattle Public UtilitiesApril 2010 to August 2013	  -	Data collection and verification for hundreds of meters per day.  -	Troubleshooting of manual and automated meter reads.  -	Triage of issues such as leaks, broken meters, missing meters and access issues  -	Reporting of related issues to crew dispatch  -	Direct, in-person, on-demand customer assistance   -	On-demand customer training and education regarding agency services and products  

##### (Sabbatical - April 2008-April 2010)
- During sabbatical beginning April 2008, accomplished self-guided studies in various widget technologies, social media, and audio/video recording tools ##### Systems Analyst and IT Professional B, Seattle City LightApril 1998 to April 2008-	Web manager for customer-facing and employee-facing web presences   -	Project Management, Policy and Procedure creation and enforcement    -	Technical Support and Jargon Translation  -	Training and Work Supervision of content contributors, graphics designers, developers, DBAs, etc.  -	Server architecture design  
-	Collaborative leader for standards creation and documentation  -	Network issue triage  -	Application architecture design  -	Web server administration- Quality Assurance, Quality Control and Code Promotion for HTML4, XML, ASP/VBScript, Javascript, etc.
- Skinning of web applications in ASP, Oracle Web Server and ColdFusion environments using up to HTML4, Javascript, and other technologies
 ##### Manager, Computer Support & Operations, Univ. of Washington 
  Computer Science & Engineering Dept   January 1998 to October 1998					-	Maintenance and development of WWW-based documentation and communications.  Project Management of web development for my crew and customers.  -	Scheduling, project management, work flow direction, hiring, meeting planning and leading, training, supervision of classified staff, professional staff, and student hourly workers.   -	Accounts management on Unix and NT systems, operations procedures, system troubleshooting, administration.  Maintain and configure PC-based network for historically Unix users.   -	Technical Support: Provide Tech support to Department of Computer Science students, faculty and staff.  -	Specify systems, procedures and utilities to improve efficiency and effectiveness of the Support & Operations Group.  Evaluate and recommend hardware and software products to support the functions of the Support Group.   -	Lab Equipment Planning.    -	Manage helpdesk operations  ##### Systems Analyst, Seattle Police DepartmentJanuary 1996 to January 1998						-	Small-shop, hybrid multi-tasking duties including administration of network, server, desktop, email, remote access, telephone, wiring closet, server backup and other systems.  -	Webmaster and team builder for the Police Department’s first web development team  -	Purchasing - Need assessment, site assessment, and completion of purchase orders for new equipment. Assist grant writers in determining technical specifications of equipment needed for grant-funded projects.  -	Supervision – informal supervision of interns and temp employees. -	Direct Customer Support:  Provide second-tier and third-tier helpdesk support in a 1500+-user network.    -	Hardware and Software Support:  Configure new servers and workstations.    -	Data Communications: Troubleshoot and repair data and phone wiring issues.   -	Network Administration – Network and email account administration and directory permission maintenance.   -	Training – Support and train users in the use of department computers, including mobile laptop computers, email software, office productivity software, internet applications.  Train all new technical support personnel.  Train web developers in HTML and web development.  Train reluctant mainframe admins in PC technologies.  Train detectives in computer forensics.  Train vice detectives in trolling the internet for illegal activities.  ##### Computer Systems Analyst, Seattle Engineering DepartmentJuly 1994-January 1996						-	Temporary position begun while finishing Network Administration Certificate Program at North Seattle Community College.  -	Small-shop, hybrid multi-tasking duties including administration of network, desktop, email, remote access, telephone, wiring closet, hub and router, server backup and other systems  -	Website Development - Participant in the migration of the City of Seattle BBS to a web site. Build the teams which subsequently developed new sites on both the BBS and the web site. Install development tools and train users in their use and in HTML and good web practices.  -	Data Communications:  Install and troubleshoot Internet and mainframe connectivity software on multiple platforms.   -	Direct Customer Support: Support end-users, network administrators, and satellite systems staff.   -	Train users and write documentation and instructions.  -	Hardware and Software Maintenance: Set up new workstations and servers, and repair existing ones. Install and upgrade software and hardware on workstations and servers.   -	Architecture: Inventory equipment and software.  Diagram and monitor networks.   -	Purchasing:  Research and recommend purchases of computers, peripherals, and software.  -	Network Administration:  Account maintenance. Installing, configuring and distributing server-based applications. Routine backup and restore of servers and desktops.  Research purchase of a new backup system. Troubleshoot software and hardware problems with workstations and servers.   ### Education And Training               * Software Testing and Quality Assurance Certificate Program, completed February 2013,  		University of Washington PCE  * Microsoft Application skills training, ongoing through 2014,			Microsoft Online Training  * Oracle Portal Web Content Management, 2003,				Oracle  * Windows 2000 Server / IIS Training, 2003, 					NetDesk  * XML and Web Application Development, 2002,				NetDesk  * Stellent Content Management System, 2001,					Stellent  * Essentials of Project Management, 2000,		 			Skillpath Seminars  * Intro to XML	, 2000,						Seattle Webgrrls  * Web Usability for ADA, 2000,			Seattle Webgrrls  * Web Usability for PDA Devices, 2000,	Seattle Webgrrls             * Web Team Building, 2000, 				Seattle Webgrrls  * Active Server Pages,  1999,					 Prosofttraining.com    * JavaScript Fundamentals, 1999,	         Prosofttraining.com  * SQL Language Fundamentals, 1999,				North Seattle Community College  * Microsoft Access 97, Levels 1 and 2, 1999,	North Seattle Community College  * Intranets for Communicators, 1998,	 			Ragan Communications  * Microsoft Windows NT Technical Support (MCSE Course), 1998, 		Microsoft in Higher Education  * Microsoft Windows NT Network Administration (MCSE Course), 1998,  	Microsoft in Higher Education  * Microsoft Internet Information Server 4.0, 1998,			Mastering Computers   * Supporting Microsoft Windows NT 4.0, 1998,				Mastering Computers   * Supporting Microsoft Windows NT 4.0, 1997,			Mastering Computers   * Website Development, 1995, 911 Media Arts Center    * Network Administration Certificate Program, Certificate Completed July, 1994,	North Seattle Community College  * Computer Information Systems, Business Programming Track,         (Turbo C and Cobol programming, etc.), Jan 1992-December 1993, 	    	North Seattle Community College  * Post-Baccalaureate Study in Music and Theatre,			Washington State University* Bachelor of Arts, Spanish Language and Literature,				William & Mary